h1. SUSE Studio Java Client SDK

This is a Java based library for interacting with the "SUSE Studio":http://susestudio.com image store and appliances toolkit. The library is supposed to enable developers to easily implement client applications for SUSE Studio in Java,  even for mobile platforms like Android. All functionality that is offered by the Studio "REST API":http://susestudio.com/help/api/v2 should be covered eventually, but the implementation is at the moment still a work in progress. Feel free to send pull requests!

h2. Example Usage

h3. General Information

<pre>
// Initialize
SUSEStudio studio = new SUSEStudio("username", "password");
System.out.println("Version: " + studio.getApiVersion());

// Get user details
User user = studio.getUser();
System.out.println("Name: " + user.getUsername());

// Disk quota
DiskQuota dq = user.getDiskQuota();
System.out.println("DiskQuota: " + dq.getUsed() + " of " + dq.getAvailable());
</pre>

h3. Appliances

<pre>
// Get the appliances
List<Appliance> appliances = studio.getAppliances();
for (Appliance a : appliances) {
    System.out.println("Name: " + a.getName());
    System.out.println("UUID: " + a.getUuid());
    System.out.println("Basesystem: " + a.getBasesystem());
    System.out.println("Type: " + a.getType());
    System.out.println("Edit URL: " + a.getEditUrl());
    System.out.println("Raw Size: " + a.getEstimatedRawSize());

    // List the builds
    for(Build b : a.getBuilds()) {
        System.out.println("Build ID: " + b.getId());
        System.out.println("Download URL: " + b.getDownloadUrl());
    }
}
</pre>

h3. Running Builds

<pre>
// Schedule a build
ScheduleBuildResult result = studio.scheduleBuild(654321, SUSEStudio.ImageType.iso);
System.out.println("Build ID: " + result.getId());
</pre>

h3. Testdrives

<pre>
// Start a testdrive for a given build
Testdrive testdrive = studio.startTestdrive(1234567);

// Get information about how to access it
VNCServer vncServer = testdrive.getVNCServer();
System.out.println("VNC Server Hostname: " + vncServer.getHost());
System.out.println("VNC Server Port: " + vncServer.getPort());

// Get all currently running testdrives
List<Testdrive> testdrives = studio.getTestdrives();
for (Testdrive testdrive : testdrives) {
    System.out.println("Testdrive ID: " + testdrive.getId());
    System.out.println("Build ID: " + testdrive.getBuildId());
    System.out.println("State: " + testdrive.getState());
}
</pre>

h3. Gallery

<pre>
// Get popular appliances
Gallery gallery = studio.getGallery(SUSEStudio.GALLERY_POPULAR);
GalleryAppliances appliances = gallery.getAppliances();
System.out.println(appliances.getCount());
</pre>

h2. Build From Sources

Call @ant@ on the commandline to build the library jarfile from sources. The artifact can be found in the @dist@ folder.

h2. License

See the LICENSE file.